Updates for 4.4 (#183)
kube-logging/kube-logging.github.io: content/docs/whats-new/_index.md

### New syslog-ng features

When using syslog-ng as the log aggregator, you can now use the following new outputs:

- [ElasticSearch]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/elasticsearch.md" >}})
- [MongoDB]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/mongodb.md" >}})
- [Redis]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/redis.md" >}})
- [Splunk HEC]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/splunk_hec.md" >}})
- The [HTTP]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-outputs/http.md" >}}) output now supports the `log-fifo-size`, `response-action`, and `timeout` fields.

You can now use the `metrics-probe()` parser of syslog-ng in syslogNGFLow and SyslogNGClusterFlow. For details, see {{% xref "/docs/configuration/plugins/syslog-ng-filters/parser.md#metricsprobe" %}}.

### Multitenancy and namespace-based routing

Logging operator now supports hard multitenancy and namespace-based routing. For an example configuration, see the [sample configuration files](https://github.com/kube-logging/logging-operator/tree/master/config/samples/mulitenant-hard).

### Forwarder logs

> Logging operator now doesn't forward the logs of the Fluentd and syslog-ng forwarders to the configured outputs to avoid infinite message loops. The logs of Fluentd and syslog-ng are now sent to the standard output of their pods, so you can access them by running `kubectl logs <name-of-forwarder-pod>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent-bit now doesn't process the logs of the Fluentd and syslog-ng forwarders by default to avoid infinitely growing message loops. With this Fluentd and syslog-ng logs can simply be accessed by running `kubectl logs <name-of-forwarder-pod>`

In a future version of the logging operator the logs of the aggregators will also be available for routing to external outputs.
```

### Timeout-based configuration checks

You can now use timeout-based configuration strategies for both syslog-ng and Fluentd. For example:

```yaml
apiVersion: logging.banzaicloud.io/v1beta1
kind: Logging
metadata:
  name: all-to-file
spec:
  configCheck:
    strategy: StartWithTimeout
    timeoutSeconds: 5
  syslogNG: {}
  controlNamespace: default
```

```yaml
apiVersion: logging.banzaicloud.io/v1beta1
kind: Logging
metadata:
  name: all-to-file
spec:
  configCheck:
    strategy: StartWithTimeout
    timeoutSeconds: 5
  fluentd: {}
  controlNamespace: default
```

### Istio support

> By default, Logging operator now doesn't inject the istio sidecar into jobs/individual pods that run to completion. Configuration checkers and Fluentd drainer pods now have `sidecar.istio.io/inject` set to `false` by default. You can configure Fluentd drainer labels in the Logging spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Logging operator adds a label to avoid injecting the Istio sidecar into jobs/individual pods that run to completion. Configuration checkers and Fluentd drainer pods now have `sidecar.istio.io/inject` set to `false` by default. You can configure Fluentd drainer labels in the Logging spec.
```
